expanding on kafka data prepper docs (#11497)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/sources/kafka.md

`retry_backoff` | No | Integer | The amount of time to wait before attempting to retry a failed request to a given topic partition. Default is `10s`.
`max_poll_interval` | No | Integer | The maximum delay between invocations of a `poll()` when using group management through Kafka's `max.poll.interval.ms` option. Default is `300s`.
`consumer_max_poll_records` | No | Integer | The maximum number of records returned in a single `poll()` call through Kafka's `max.poll.records` setting. Default is `500`.
`key_mode` | No | String | Indicates how the key field of the Kafka message should be handled. The default setting is `include_as_field`, which includes the key in the `kafka_key` event. The `include_as_metadata` setting includes the key in the event's metadata. The `discard` setting discards the key.

### Schema

The `schema` configuration has the following options.

Option | Type | Required | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> `type` | String | Yes | Sets the type of schema based on your registry, either the AWS Glue schema registry, `aws_glue`, or the Confluent schema registry, `confluent`. When using the `aws_glue` registry, set any [AWS](#aws) configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`type` | String | Yes | Sets the type of schema based on your registry. Valid values are `aws_glue` (AWS Glue schema registry) and `confluent` (Confluent schema registry) . When using the `aws_glue` registry, set any [AWS](#aws) configuration options.
```

`basic_auth_credentials_source` | String | No | Where schema registry credentials come from. Use `USER_INFO` when providing `api_key/api_secret`. Other valid values are `URL` and `SASL_INHERIT`. Default typically aligns with the underlying client.

The following configuration options are only required when using a `confluent` registry.

Option | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> `registry_url` | String | Base URL of the schema registry, for example, `http://schema-registry:8081` or `https://sr.example.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`registry_url` | String | The base URL of the schema registry (for example, `http://schema-registry:8081` or `https://sr.example.com`).
```

> `version` | String | Schema version to use per subject. Use an integer or `"latest"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`version` | String | The schema version to use per subject. Use an integer or `latest`.
```

`api_key` | String | The schema registry API key.
`api_secret` | String | The schema registry API secret.

> See following example of configuring schema registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures a schema registry:
```

```yaml
schema:
  type: confluent
  registry_url: "http://schema-registry:8081"
  api_key: "<optional if using basic/key auth>"
  api_secret: "<optional if using basic/key auth>"
  version: "latest"
```
{% include copy.html %}

> #### schema registry over TLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Schema registry over TLS
```

> The Kafka source uses the JVM truststore when connecting to schema registry over `https`. If schema registry is signed by a custom CA, add that CA to the Data Prepper JVM truststore or provide a custom truststore using environment variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kafka source uses the JVM truststore when connecting to the schema registry over `https`. If the schema registry is signed by a custom CA, add that CA to the Data Prepper JVM truststore or provide a custom truststore using environment variables. 
```

You can use the following command to build a truststore with your CA certificate:

```bash
keytool -importcert -noprompt -alias sr-ca -file sr-ca.pem -keystore /usr/share/data-prepper/certs/sr.truststore.jks -storepass changeit
```
{% include copy.html %}

The following command configures Data Prepper using `JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS`:

```yaml
JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS=-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=/usr/share/data-prepper/certs/sr.truststore.jks -Djavax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword=changeit
```
{% include copy.html %}

You can configure Data Pepper in `docker-compose.yaml` using the following method:

```yaml
environment:
  - JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS=-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=/usr/share/data-prepper/certs/sr.truststore.jks -Djavax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword=changeit
volumes:
  - ./certs:/usr/share/data-prepper/certs:ro
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Authentication

> The `authentication` section configures SASL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `authentication` section configures SASL:
```

```yaml
authentication:
  sasl:
    plain:
      username: alice
      password: secret
```
{% include copy.html %}

| Option | Type | Description |
|:---|:---|:---|
| `sasl` | Object | SASL configuration. |

#### SASL

Use one of the following options when configuring SASL authentication.

Option | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> `plain` | JSON object | The plaintext authentication configuration. See [SASL/PLAIN](#sasl-plaintext) fr further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plain` | JSON object | The plaintext authentication configuration. For more information, see [SASL plaintext](#sasl-plaintext).
```

> `plain` | JSON object | The plaintext authentication configuration. For more information, see [SASL plaintext](#sasl-plaintext).

Reviewer: Changing this to `plaintext` because thisis the primary parameter name (https://github.com/opensearch-project/data-prepper/blob/main/data-prepper-plugins/kafka-plugins/src/main/java/org/opensearch/dataprepper/plugins/kafka/configuration/AuthConfig.java#L21-L23). Adding that `plain` is also supported.

`aws_msk_iam` | String | The Amazon MSK AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) configuration. If set to `role`, the `sts_role_arm` set in the `aws` configuration is used. Default is `default`.

##### SASL plaintext

The following options are required when using the [SASL.plain](https://kafka.apache.org/10/javadoc/org/apache/kafka/common/security/auth/SecurityProtocol.html) protocol.

| Option | Type | Description |
|:---|:---|:---|

> | `username` | String | SASL/PLAIN username. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `username` | String | The SASL/PLAIN username. |
```

> | `password` | String | SASL/PLAIN password. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `password` | String | The SASL/PLAIN password. |
```

`trust_store_password` | No | String | The password for the truststore file.
`insecure` | No | Boolean | A Boolean flag used to turn off SSL certificate verification. If set to `true`, certificate authority (CA) certificate verification is turned off and insecure HTTP requests are sent. Default is `false`.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Use the following configuration to enable SSL encryption:

```yaml
````

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`arn` | Yes | String | The [MSK ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/1.0/apireference/configurations-arn.html) to use.

> `broker_connection_type` | No | String | The type of connector to use with the MSK broker, either `public`, `single_vpc`, or `multip_vpc`. Default is `single_vpc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`broker_connection_type` | No | String | The type of connector to use with the MSK broker. Valid values are `public`, `single_vpc`, and `multip_vpc`. Default is `single_vpc`.
```

## Configuration examples

This section demonstrates different pipeline configuration options.

### Basic Kafka source

> The following example pipeline reads JSON messages from a single plaintext Kafka topic with multiple consumer workers, parses them, and indexes into OpenSearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example pipeline reads JSON messages from a single plaintext Kafka topic with multiple consumer workers, parses them, and indexes them into OpenSearch:
```

```yaml
kafka-pipeline:
  source:
    kafka:
      bootstrap_servers:
        - localhost:9092
      topics:
        - name: my-topic
          group_id: data-prepper-group
          workers: 4
  processor:
    - parse_json:
  sink:
    - opensearch:
        hosts: ["https://localhost:9200"]
        username: admin
        password: admin_password
        index: kafka-data
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Kafka source with SSL encryption

> The following example pipeline connects to a Kafka broker over TLS, consumes from a secure topic and writes results to OpenSearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example pipeline connects to a Kafka broker over TLS, consumes messages from a secure topic, and writes the results to OpenSearch:
```

```yaml
kafka-pipeline:
  source:
    kafka:
      bootstrap_servers:
        - kafka-broker.example.com:9093
      topics:
        - name: secure-topic
          group_id: secure-group
      encryption:
        type: ssl
  sink:
    - opensearch:
        hosts: ["https://localhost:9200"]
        username: admin
        password: admin_password
        index: secure-kafka-data
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Kafka source with SASL PLAIN authentication

> The following example pipeline authenticates to Kafka using SASL/PLAIN over TLS, consumes from the topic, and indexes into OpenSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example pipeline authenticates to Kafka using the SASL/PLAIN protocol over TLS, consumes messages from the topic, and indexes them into OpenSearch:
```

```yaml
kafka-pipeline:
  source:
    kafka:
      bootstrap_servers:
        - kafka-broker.example.com:9094
      topics:
        - name: authenticated-topic
          group_id: auth-group
      encryption:
        type: ssl
      authentication:
        sasl:
          plaintext:
            username: kafka-user
            password: kafka-password
  sink:
    - opensearch:
        hosts: ["https://localhost:9200"]
        username: admin
        password: admin_password
        index: authenticated-kafka-data
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Amazon MSK with AWS Glue schema registry

> The following example configures Amazon MSK with AWS Glue schema registry, consumes from an MSK cluster using AWS settings, deserializes payload using AWS Glue schema registry, normalizes timestamps, and writes to an Amazon OpenSearch domain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures Amazon MSK with the AWS Glue schema registry, consumes messages from an MSK cluster using AWS settings, deserializes the payload using the AWS Glue schema registry, normalizes timestamps, and writes to an Amazon OpenSearch domain:
```

```yaml
msk-pipeline:
  source:
    kafka:
      acknowledgments: true
      topics:
        - name: my-msk-topic
          group_id: msk-consumer-group
      auto_offset_reset: earliest
      aws:
        region: us-east-1
        sts_role_arn: arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/data-prepper-role
        msk:
          arn: arn:aws:kafka:us-east-1:123456789012:cluster/my-cluster-name/uuid
      schema:
        type: aws_glue
        registry_name: my-glue-registry
  processor:
    - date:
        match:
          - key: timestamp
            patterns: ["epoch_milli"]
        destination: "@timestamp"
  sink:
    - opensearch:
        hosts: ["https://search-my-domain.us-east-1.opensearch.amazonaws.com"]
        aws:
          region: us-east-1
          sts_role_arn: arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/opensearch-role
        index: msk-data
        index_type: custom
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Confluent Kafka with schema registry

> The following example configures Confluent Kafka with schema registry, connects to Confluent Cloud over TLS with SASL and Confluent schema registry credentials, decodes payloads, and indexes them into OpenSearch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example configures Confluent Kafka with the schema registry, connects to Confluent Cloud over TLS using SASL and Confluent schema registry credentials, decodes payloads, and indexes them into OpenSearch:
```
